
1. What type would you choose for the following “numbers”?
A person’s telephone number: String since phone number may contains "-" or parenthesis
A person’s height: double 
A person’s age: int
A person’s gender (Male, Female, Prefer Not To Answer): Enum
A person’s salary: double
A book’s ISBN: string
A book’s price: double
A book’s shipping weight: double
A country’s population: long, int is also suitable here since no country in the world has population larger than 2,147,483,647
The number of stars in the universe: long
The number of employees in each of the small or medium businesses in the
United Kingdom (up to about 50,000 employees per business): int

2. What are the difference between value type and reference type variables?
1). A data type holds a data value within its own memory, whereas reference type variables store the addresses where the value is being stored
2). Each data type variable has its own copy of data, while two reference type variables could point to the same object
3). When passing value type variable,the system create a separate copy of variable and passed it, therefore change value in one method would not result in
change of value in another method. When passing reference type variable, the system does not create a separate copy of variable, it passes the variable's 
address. Thus change the value of a reference variable in one method would result in value change in another method.


3. What happens when you divide an int variable by 0?
Divide an int variable by 0 will result in DivideByZeroException

4. What happens when you divide a double variable by 0?
Divide an double variable by 0 will result in ∞ or -∞, if the double variable is 0.0, the result would be NaN

5. What happens when you overflow an int variable, that is, set it to a value beyond its
range?
int: -2,147,483,648 to 2,147,483,647
If you pass the maximum value (the upper range) of an int variable, it will go back to its mininal value plus the exceeding part minus 1. For example, if 
you set i = 2,147,483,647, which is the upperbond, i += 1 will change i from upper bound to the lower bound, -2,147,483,648.
Vise versa, if you pass the minimum or the lower bound, it will go to the maximum. Example: set j = -2,147,483,648 and j -= 1, j will become 2,147,483,647,
the upper bound, and the exceeding part will countinue to be minus.

6. What is the difference between x = y++; and x = ++y;?

7. What is the difference between break, continue, and return when used inside a loop
statement?
Break statement will exist and terminate the loop, transfer control to the statements follows the loop
Continue statemnt will skip this iteration and goes to the next
Return statement will terminate the loop and return a value

8. What are the three parts of a for statement and which of them are required?
Three parts of a for statement are Initialization, Condition and Iteration.
For example, a for loop: for(int i = 0(initialization); i < 10(condition); i++(iteration))
All three part are option, but if we miss the condition part, the system will evaluate condition as true and thus the loop will never stop,
so somehow the condition part is required.
